[JENKINS-65398] Terminology update (#226)
jenkinsci/ssh-slaves-plugin: doc/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

### After upgrade to ssh-slaves 1.28+ Failed to connect using SSH key credentials from files

> The SSH Build Agents Plugin version newer than 1.28 uses ssh-credentials 1.14, this versions deprecated the use of "From the Jenkins controller ~/.ssh", and "From a file on Jenkins controller" SSH credential types because [SECURITY-440](https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2018-06-25/#SECURITY-440), the ssh-credentials plugins should migrate these deprecated credentials to "Enter directly" type on restart but seems there are some cases that it fails or it is not possible.

Author: Looking at the SECURITY-440, `controller` was also not used.

Reviewer: Related: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/pull/4150#discussion_r586781539

```

> ### Selenium Grid agents failed to connect

Reviewer 2: Is there Any reason to delete this part from the troubleshooting guide?

Author: It was suggested [here](https://github.com/jenkinsci/ssh-slaves-plugin/pull/226#discussion_r620633555)

Author: @kuisathaverat I restored the section :)

### Selenium Grid agents failed to connect

> On recent versions of Jenkins Core, [Agent - Controller Access Control](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Slave+To+Master+Access+Control) was introduced it seems causes an issue with Selenium Grid Agents, to fix this problem you have to disable: "Manage Jenkins" > "Configure Global Security", and check "Enable Agent → Controller Access Control" (as it's said in Jenkin documentation)

Reviewer 3: I guess this path depends on what version of Jenkins you are using

Author: I made the change because of the start of the sentence: `On recent versions of Jenkins Core` 🤣 But I can revert it if required

> On recent versions of Jenkins Core, [Agent - Controller Access Control](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Slave+To+Master+Access+Control) was introduced it seems causes an issue with Selenium Grid Agents, to fix this problem you have to disable: "Manage Jenkins" > "Configure Global Security", and check "Enable Agent → Controller Access Control" (as it's said in Jenkin documentation)

Reviewer: All of this is horrifying, would just comment out.

"Recent versions" referring to releases since late 2014. The advice to disable it. The lack of confidence in whether this is the cause.

Author: What do you suggest? To revert the change?

Reviewer 3: I think Daniel wants you to remove the entire section :)

Author: Ok thanks. I removed the section :)

> On recent versions of Jenkins Core, [Agent - Controller Access Control](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Slave+To+Master+Access+Control) was introduced it seems causes an issue with Selenium Grid Agents, to fix this problem you have to disable: "Manage Jenkins" > "Configure Global Security", and check "Enable Agent → Controller Access Control" (as it's said in Jenkins documentation)

Reviewer 2: Let's update the comment to be more acurated.

```suggestion
On Jenkins Core 2.89.3, [Agent - Controller Access Control](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Slave+To+Master+Access+Control) was introduced it can causes an issue with Selenium Grid Agents, to fix this problem you have to disable: "Manage Jenkins" > "Configure Global Security", and check "Enable Agent → Controller Access Control" (as it's said in Jenkins documentation) 
you can see more details at [JENKINS-49118](https://issues.jenkins.io/browse/JENKINS-49118)
```

Reviewer 2: @twasyl If you agree I can commit the change and merge

Author: I applied your suggestion @kuisathaverat. Thanks a lot
